welcome my name is lisa and now i'm
going to talk about
identity
a convict named malcolm rivers awaits
execution for several vicious murders
that took place at an apartment building
journals belonging to malcolm are
discovered ms filed in the case evidence
not introduced during the trial malcolm
psychiatrist dr malik and his defense
attorney argue that the evidence was
intentionally suppressed
by the prosecution and moved to stay
rivers execution
contending that malcolm is legally
insane
with this late evidence brought forth a
midnight hearing takes place
to determine if the journal is adequate
evidence to grant their motion
meanwhile 10 strangers find themselves
stranded in the middle of a torrential
rainstorm at a remote nevada motel
run by larry washington the group
consists of an
ex-cop now limousine driver ed dakota
caroline suzanne a washed up irritable
actress
officer rhodes who is transporting
convicted murderer robert main
paris nevada a prostitute newlyweds lou
and ginny easiana
and the york family george alice and
their nine-year-old son
timmy who is in crisis because alice has
been struck by ed's car with both ends
of the road completely flooded
the group is forced to spend the night
at the motel
rhodes handcuffs mane to a toilet in his
room to prevent him from moving about
freely
as everyone is settling down for the
night susan is attacked by an unknown
assailant after she leaves her room
looking for a cell phone signal ed hears
a loud banging noise outside as he's
laying in bed
venturing outside and discovering
suzanne's head in a dryer
along with the number 10 motel key
maine is suspected to be the killer who
is found to have escaped his captivity
ed alerts the others about suzanne's
death and maine's escape
lou and ginny get into a fight leading
them back to their motel room
ginny locks herself in the bathroom as
they argue through the door
but lou later starts banging in a
frantic manner and goes quiet
jenny slowly unlocks the door only to
see a silhouette approaching with a
knife
as she screams and retreats to the
bathroom again
she jumps out of the window and the
other guests find loose corpse in the
corner
of the room stabbed to death at the
hearing
the contents of malcolm's diaries are
revealed
indicating malcolm suffers from an
extreme case of dissociative identity
disorder
harpering 11 distinct personalities
his journal contains entries written by
his different personalities
each with distinct handwriting and prose
as if they were the personal thoughts of
several different people
his defense attorney argues that malcolm
is completely unaware of the crimes for
which he is being executed
which is in violation of existing
supreme court rulings on capital
punishment
dr malik is introducing the concept of
integrating the personalities of someone
with dissociative identity disorder
when malcolm arrives strapped into a
wheelchair
while taking photos of lou's crime scene
and talking with
paris ed finds the number nine key in
lose bloody hands
he begins to suspect that the killer is
counting down and targeting them in
order
meanwhile mane is making his escape over
the wet terrain
but strangely finds himself right back
at the motel
having gone full circle rhodes spots
main trying to hide
he and ed subdu main in a brief struggle
they tie maine to a pole and larry is
appointed to guard him
but larry is later seen away from his
post
mane is discovered to have been killed
with larry's own baseball bat
with the weapon sticking out of the
corpse's mouth in a grisly manner
rhodes and ed find the number eight key
next to maine's body
and harass larry who grabs paris and
threatens to cut her if they continue to
accuse him
paris wrestles him off and the freezer
is opened accidentally to reveal the
frozen body of the real motel manager
larry runs away and attempts to escape
in his truck
but he accidentally crushes george
against a dumpster as he tries to save
timmy from being run over
rhodes binds larry with rope to a chair
and tells the other guests that they're
going to stay together
until dawn or he'll shoot the next
suspect
larry tearfully tells them the story of
how he came upon the dead body of the
manager and started running the motel
for him
convincing paris and ed that he's not
the perpetrator
alice still in bed is checked on and
presumably has died from her injuries
but rhodes finds the number six key
george's body is recovered from the
front of larry's truck and the number
seven key is found in his pocket
which confuses the others ed tells ginny
and timmy to flee in a car near the edge
of the motel
but it explodes leaving no trace of the
two behind
the last four survivors discover that
the bodies of all the previous victims
have disappeared
paris yelling in hysterics at their
unknown assailant
says that her birthday is the next week
it transpires
that all 11 people were born on may 10
which is also malcolm's birthday and the
day he committed the murders
ed leaves the other three and checks
their id cards in the office
discovering that each one of them is
named after a state
and that their birthdays all do indeed
match
ed begins to hear a voice call out to
him and as he listens he finds himself
in a different building
strapped to a chair with dr malik
calling out to him
ed finds he is at the meeting to argue
and postpone malcolm's execution
but is confused as to why he's being
told of the crimes in malcolm rivers
past
dr malik explains that he is in fact one
of the personalities that malcolm rivers
created as a child to cope with the
abandonment and abuse he was subjected
to
informed that one of the personalities
is the homicidal template that went on a
killing spree
ed is instructed to go back to the motel
to try to eliminate this identity
ed awakens to find himself standing in
the rain
looking at the motel from a distance
paris finds convict transportation files
for both main and roads in the police
car
a flashback reveals that rhodes killed
the correctional officer
transporting him in maine put the
officer's body in the trunk
and then assumed his identity rhodes
attacks paris
but she is saved by larry who is
subsequently shot to death by rhodes
finally believing rhodes to be the
murderous personality
ed goes after him and the two men end up
shooting each other fatally
leaving only paris still alive
when malik demonstrates that the
homicidal personality is dead
malcolm's execution is state and it is
determined that he should be placed in a
mental institution under malik's care
in malcolm's mind paris has driven back
to her hometown in frostproof
florida as she tends to some soil in her
orange grove
she shakely discovers the number one key
buried in the dirt
and finds timmy behind her flashbacks
reveal that timmy orchestrated all of
the deaths at the motel
and made it appear that he had been
killed with ginny
timmy kills paris while malcolm
strangles malik
causing the van that is on route to the
mental institution to swerve off the
road and stop before timmy's voice
repeats the poem
antigonish by william hughes merns one
more time
now the sole personality of malcolm
rivers
thank you all for watching don't forget
to subscribe and hit the bell
notification for more of these videos
you